Be merciful, ma'am
Ahhhh!
You are finally here.
Please save me
shut up
Go away with a thing like you
Hahaha big sister
I don't know my useless son
What offended you?
Let you get up and kill your heart
It doesn't matter if you don't know
After reading it, you will know the teacher
You said what Zhao Kai did
Should I kill him?
eldest sister
This time, Zhao Kai did a bit too much.
But he is the only seedling of my Zhao family
I hope you see my face as Zhao Tianba
Give him a break
What about the conditions?
Zhao Tianba, what are you?
Don't take yourself too seriously
Why let the eldest sister give you face, eldest sister?
This time, I know Zhao Kai's sin is unforgivable
I also hope that you will see the face of Brother Kun
Big sister rao quan
Do as you wish, you think the name of Ah Kun
Can I let him go?
Then I'll tell you directly, Zhao Kai, I'm going to make an order.
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today
Can't tie him up
Sister, haven't you heard a word?
What words do you want to stay on the line?
See you later
Don't do it too well.
You are threatening me